Lin Yuetang that passed by just now
It is the place to receive training resources every month
This freesia gate is too big
You haven't left for a long time?
That's freesia gate
But the only two top sects in Jiangnan
Do you think the essence of this place is not big?
We're less than halfway there now.
The top bulk really lives up to its reputation
The Xuanwu Pavilion is ahead
Little brother, don't move here
I'm going to get you the residence of a disciple in a family
Go hey
This little senior sister is fine anywhere
Just too warm-hearted
Ye Wuji Leng Qiuhua is presumptuous
You are just a disciple of Inner Mongolia
How dare you call the Saintess Association
So brave
Ye Wuji
You really consider yourself a disciple of the enemy ship
Then I ask
Which one of the rules of the Freeland Sect stipulates?
You can't just protect the names of leftover women
you
Yue Wuji
The Primordial Heavenly Spirit Tablet is out of control
Your nine epiphanies are also empty talk
But since you can make the Primordial Heavenly Spirit Tablet
Explosion 6 times
Talent is okay
But you need to know
There are people outside
Somewhere in the Sky
What do you mean?
Ye Wuji, Ye Wuji
I see.
Are you still thinking about breaking off your marriage with Xiyue?
But don't forget
Even if you become an inner disciple
The difference between you and Xiyue is still a world apart